ok right well this is the kickoff meeting for a project
and this is what we're going to do over the next 25 minutes. So first of all just kind of make sure that we all know each other.
I am Laura and I am the project manager. you want to introduce yourself again?
hi honey period and I'm supposed to be the industrial designer. ok.
and I am Andrew and I am a marketing head.
and I am cry I am the user interface expert.
ok good. great. we're designing a new remote control and I have to record who's actually here to that stay with Andrew Alfred,isn't it?
and you all have a right on time so we are designing a new remote control.
as you can see it supposed to be original from the end user friendly so that a project in every
Sudha Furious to the design and I am not really sure what you guys have already received in your email. what did you get.
I just got the project announcement about what the project is about a designing of remote control. that's about it.
I didn't get anything else. did you get the same thing? yeah that's what I got.
is that would everybody got. ok. so we're going to have like individual work and then I'm meeting about
and we will repeat the process three times on at this point we are trying to get a white spot out there so you get to draw your favourite animal and summer your favourite characteristics of
so would like to go first yeah yeah I will go that's why
alright so this one right ok very nice alright my favourite animal is like a Beagle
characteristics cheewit characteristic of it is it right well basically high priority for animals for me is that they are willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family
onion that they have lots of personality and be 6 and and robust and it good health so it is blue blue Beacon by famous people
yeah right lovely when my favourite animal would be a monkey
then they are small and cute and funny and then Planet of the Apes come here I am going to be up there with them right cool
that's too much gear you can take as long over there at your life because we haven't got an awful lot to discuss
ok ok we do we don't feel like your dinner anyway ok I could have told you a whole lot about Beagle boy let me tell you
we might have to get up get you up there again I don't know what my name
I'm going to have to think on the spot now imperfectionist can't bro
is there a well yeah well anyway I don't know
it's just the first animal I can think of the top of my head
big reason is cause I am allergic to most animals allergic to animals for so it was a natural soil
yeah I kind of like will they come in and go eat everything in sight
alright and that quite harmless and mild and interesting
ok God I still don't know what I am going to write about
superb catch by the way
she's a big B I think I was going to choose a dog as well
but I just saw a different kind of dog my favourite animal is my old dog at home
that doesn't look like him actually he looks more like a pig
how will a dog in there do you
oh that's very good of you now I see a rooster what kind is it
is a mixture of various things and what do I like about him that's just said that that he his tail wags
and Jerry as always too pleased to see me and very kind of affection it is quite well we as well
you know he can and doesn't take up too much space and he does this funny thing where he changes his tail as well
which is quite amusing so Is he aware that he is changing his own tail
around the living room and after dinner Dog then
probably when he was little he got lots of attention for doing it and now has forever being condition
yeah maybe maybe right where did you find this just down here
OK what are we going to do next ok we are now going to discuss the project Finance
according to the brief we are going to be selling this remote for 25 euro 
and we are aiming to make 50 million euro 
